Pan, paka, paaaan!
Finally the day has arrived!
The grand Autumn sports event, A.I.Channel style!
Today, we’ve invited the great revolution of the virtual environment as a commentator...
...Kizuna Ai-san!
It's a pleasure having you here!
It's a pleasure being here!
*The revolution of the virtual world, Kizuna Ai (Commentary)*
Man, finally the day we’ve waited for has arrived, right?
Who will be the star today?
Man, surely it’ll be Kizuna Ai, right?
She is famous worldwide
What kind of performance will she provide us?
She’ll really be the main star
It’s true
Ah!
It looks like the race is about to start
Ready!
BANG!
Uoooohhhhh!
*First competition: Race*
♪ (non-sequitur Can-can music) ♪
Ah! Ah! Aaaahh!
I won't let them pass me!
URYAAAA!
Kizuna Ai-san from the white team is very fast
Kizuna Ai-san from the red team, you do your best too!
Man, just as we expected!
The participant Kizuna Ai has an incredible speed, right?
What do you think, Kizuna Ai-san?
I definitely feel a great potential...
In regards to her ability to run
She might get an incredible time
Ah! Ah! Aaaahh!
♪ Te, te, te, te, te, tetetete, teeeen, te, te, te, te ♪
Kizuna Ai-san from the white team is the first one to reach the goal
Arriving a few moments later, the second one to reach the goal is Kizuna Ai-san, from the red team
The second competition will be "Hit the Ball"
Participants, please prepare yourselves
Kizuna Ai-san ran amazingly, right?
It’s true
I’m very anxious for the next event
Oh!
The competition for Hit the Ball has started
Ready!
BANG!
URYA! URYA! URYA! URYA!
The balls...
Here I go
URYA! URYA! URYA! URYA! URYA! URYA!
♪ Teeen, te, te, te, te, teeeen, teeeen, te, te, te, te, teeen, teeen, te, te, te, te, te ♪
URYARYARYAYAYAYAYAYAYAAAA!
There are no more balls
Balls! ¡Balls! Here's one!
Red team, white team, do your best
Ah, now I’m really exhausted
Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
Ah, now there's not...! Now there's not...!
Time!
BANG!
One...
Two...
FIFTY ONE! FIFTY TWO!
FIFTY THREE!
White team, 53 balls
The white team is the winner
Man, Kizuna Ai-san was incredible, right?
I lost count of how many balls she was able to hit
The last competition will be...
Tug-of-War
Participants, please prepare yourselves
We already arrived at the last event?
Today, the white team has a big difference to the red team...
But I wonder if the red team can turn the situation around
Man, they're really are far away, right?
It might be difficult for them
Next up, an announcement from the organizers...
Although it's the Autumn sports event, A.I.Channel style...
The team that wins the last event, "Tug-of-War", will be today's winner
HEY! HEY! THAT CAN'T BE!
No! That's unfair! What was I doing until now?
The white team deserves the victory!
The red team is cheating! Cheating! Cheating! Cheating!
Definitely everything is a show...
It's an expected outcome
Man, I like this
Ready!
BANG!
Puuuull!
Ayayaaahhhh!
We’re in trouble!
♪ Te, te, te, te, te, tetetete, teeeen, te, te, te, te, teeen, teeen, te, te, te, te ♪
Puuuuull!
Puuuull!
We did it!
Let's announce the results!
The winning team of the exciting A.I.Channel style sports competition for the year 2017 is...
*virtual cymbals noises*
Red team!
*Red team is the winner!!*
And the one that was MVP in the competition is...
Kizuna Ai-san!
Oooooh!
Incredible!
It was to be expected of Kizuna Ai-chan!
She's adorable and athletic! She's the best!
Man, it was a great sports competition, right?
What do you think, Kizuna Ai-san?
In a sense, it will be recorded in history
Man, it became a sports competition that will be shaped in history, right?
Ah
What’s this?
* Translated by Vortex *